oh no my gone
there can't be any Scot in there surely
hopefully not
he had a six-pack juster like oh oh just
err like Gerard Way you don't say did
you think it was gonna be generally it's
a fucking wheat I know a Sally he's
basically just a stick with eyes and
arms to come out an email face six six
parts lemon press anymore you need to
have a 12-paak or thirty four pot plus I
still go by my CV that jarred we just
lost all the people to pull these home
yeah anyway we frenched excuse me but
you are going to have to leave sure the
lady behind us viewers of prep Oh so
we'll take donation the end they're
getting naked there they're doing Scott
the Scott or whatever not sure arms yeah
she's a fucking prep for talent we go
shit anyway fuck you eleven I said
suddenly I attacked her sucking all the
attendant oh she just fucking killed
someone
okay oh but then everyone one to see no
one
she's no eleven eleven she screamed all
the preps in the theater screen for
everyone else
crap sane and I locked so cute together
before me Scott Fela cops sane and I
started to walk outside she just fucking
killed someone still naked zombie
standing for lolicon how did you do that
vulgrim how did she do that she just
fucking killed suck what she just commit
murder she what man this is my marble
she just killed soul and all I gonna ask
me man topical ask me everyday thought
used to meet you
you ever I'm sorry doors so um how did
you do that Voldemort who apparently now
knows what his name is or something
asked and I turned on I wish that was
tuned on and really wished I was tuned
on Vice I am a vampire I said as he went
to the car and you know I just noticed
about that there's not a single spelling
or grammar mistake in that
your sentence no there's no calm after
said oh no no no no they don't need oh
no no no I you know what - take that
away from me Stephen I said I won't calm
eyes yeah well there's no spelling
errors anyway yeah seriously he gasped
yeah seriously
I said drinking some beer Satan's start
to drive the car I smelled happily oh
it's too bad we didn't get to see the
rest of the movie don't you think yeah i
said it we kissed
possibly he was stopping you from
staying in though well they can't see
there right now Satan parked in a block
oh really
driveway next to the place we're
drinking when I had Walsh GC for the
first time we went inside for model and
me Model Model and Mason was playing and
start to Marsh law on T people know
you've gone too far Jesus Chris
superstar oh that's actually a linic
yeah that's really Jesus Crist just by
taking all the drums they say that
Inessa pretty normal that is just a
really bad lytic enemy you know that
screamed Marlin on on the stage we did
the devil fingers you don't know what
the devil fingers actually are I know
what they are but we don't know what's
called that I don't know what's called
other than when I started to down with
the horns bet really close to Satan
he was so smacks a well he looked at me
all email with his golf thick red eyes
that were no longer blue and he looked
exactly like Mikey way he looked like
daring the lost chapter is this yeah the
brothers I think anyway I almost got an
orgasm socially really easy to please it
back that time I felt that spell wrong
so as long as your golf I can look like
Jared Reiter we're pretty safe enemy
suddenly modeling Mason stop singing I
would like to peasant X block X t-rex
one one he said I ran on a stage Lucien
somato snap-on cities there's no way I'm
gonna call them Hades call me IDs
no oh Hades no call made no now you're
not being the will of fucking happening
funky clothes are bent
I'd like to fight somebody here she
hadn't said she felt close back alone
after making out yeah this bitch I don't
know vacation one quick thing bullshit
what's okay keep God doesn't matter will
display dude anyway they started to play
there and still mints I got on stag oh
well if you wanted honesty that's all
you had to say there is such like time'
i sang i do not own the lyrics to that
song my voice sounded like a pentagram
across obviously well I mean nobody
already already did this a pentagram
opposite of cross so whenever you say
pentagram Jimmy's across yeah
but she's all right big cross said it
before he's already like yeah okay boy
woken up so you need to do and my voice
sounded like a pentagram between a melee
and a girl version all right of gerard
white well it's the same thing isn't it
everyone clapped is it a crop Oh they've
gone eructation thank you I'm not okay I
sank finnaly suddenly Lucian started
playing the song wrong bye miss doc Oh
oMFG all yielded James what the fuck
whoops I'm sorry
Lucian you fucking asshole asshole
asshole James said angrily you guys are
such prep snapset come on it was a
mistake one yeah it's not his fault
eleven said CDs no he ruined the fucking
song one nail salon fuck's sake going
over reaction
you guys stop eleven I shoot away angry
that's a fun of karai
I used to do but it was too late they
all began to fight suddenly Samara took
out his knife
oMFG no 11 shard Luke on but it was too
late James trike what
tried to shoe off his arm and then I
jumped sex lay in front of a billet so
even when you're about to die
yeah you're still you're still trying to
make yourself look sexy anyway no 111
yielded everyone
but it was too late 'only everything
went boss oh excuse me I'm going to kill
myself
good it means I get your chapters and
especially tiny bill ago containing the
to his arm yeah she wants to jump in
front though if you very much - sure no
yeah did you flush them plate she was
already naked she this is a pretty
Shambala this is a pretty shit 45
anybody's much to be hit by it they
deserved and now it's time for the big
one guys yeah this one's going to last
at least half lucky you mean yeah